c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\obj\Debug\HISMvcProject1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HISMvcProject1.dll.config
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HISMvcProject1.dll
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HISMvcProject1.pdb
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\AutoMapper.dll
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Data.Custom.dll
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Data.dll
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Entity.dll
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Mvc.ComponentModel.dll
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Mvc.dll
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Mvc.Library.dll
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Mvc.UI.dll
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.ReportFields.dll
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.ReportLibrary.dll
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.ReportTemplate.dll
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Selection.dll
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Service.HISMvcProject1.dll
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Systems.dll
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\IBM.Data.DB2.dll
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Kendo.Mvc.dll
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Oracle.DataAccess.dll
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Oracle.ManagedDataAccess.dll
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Oracle.ManagedDataAccess.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\RazorGenerator.Mvc.dll
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Telerik.Reporting.dll
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Telerik.Reporting.OpenXmlRendering.dll
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Telerik.Reporting.Service.dll
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Telerik.Reporting.Services.HttpClient.dll
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Telerik.Reporting.Services.WebApi.dll
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Telerik.Reporting.XpsRendering.dll
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Telerik.ReportViewer.Html5.WebForms.dll
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Telerik.ReportViewer.Mvc.dll
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\AutoMapper.xml
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Data.pdb
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Data.xml
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Data.Custom.pdb
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Data.Custom.xml
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Entity.pdb
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Entity.xml
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Mvc.pdb
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Mvc.xml
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Mvc.ComponentModel.pdb
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Mvc.ComponentModel.xml
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Mvc.Library.pdb
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Mvc.Library.xml
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Mvc.UI.pdb
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Mvc.UI.xml
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.ReportFields.pdb
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.ReportFields.xml
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.ReportLibrary.pdb
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.ReportLibrary.xml
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.ReportTemplate.pdb
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.ReportTemplate.xml
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Selection.pdb
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Service.HISMvcProject1.pdb
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Service.HISMvcProject1.xml
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Systems.pdb
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Systems.xml
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Telerik.Reporting.pdb
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Telerik.Reporting.xml
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Telerik.Reporting.OpenXmlRendering.pdb
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Telerik.Reporting.OpenXmlRendering.xml
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Telerik.Reporting.Service.pdb
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Telerik.Reporting.Service.xml
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Telerik.Reporting.Services.WebApi.pdb
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Telerik.Reporting.Services.WebApi.xml
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Telerik.Reporting.XpsRendering.pdb
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Telerik.Reporting.XpsRendering.xml
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Telerik.ReportViewer.Html5.WebForms.pdb
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Telerik.ReportViewer.Html5.WebForms.xml
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Telerik.ReportViewer.Mvc.pdb
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Telerik.ReportViewer.Mvc.xml
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\obj\Debug\HISMvcProject1.dll
c:\users\steve\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\obj\Debug\HISMvcProject1.pdb
C:\Users\USER\source\repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HISMvcProject1.dll.config
C:\Users\USER\source\repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HISMvcProject1.dll
C:\Users\USER\source\repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HISMvcProject1.pdb
C:\Users\USER\source\repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\USER\source\repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\USER\source\repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\USER\source\repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Service.HISMvcProject1.dll
C:\Users\USER\source\repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\USER\source\repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\USER\source\repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\USER\source\repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Oracle.DataAccess.dll
C:\Users\USER\source\repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Oracle.ManagedDataAccess.dll
C:\Users\USER\source\repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Oracle.ManagedDataAccess.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\USER\source\repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\USER\source\repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\RazorGenerator.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\USER\source\repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\USER\source\repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\USER\source\repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\USER\source\repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
C:\Users\USER\source\repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\USER\source\repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\USER\source\repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\USER\source\repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\USER\source\repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\USER\source\repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\USER\source\repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\USER\source\repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
C:\Users\USER\source\repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\USER\source\repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\USER\source\repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\AutoMapper.xml
C:\Users\USER\source\repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\USER\source\repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\USER\source\repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Data.pdb
C:\Users\USER\source\repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Data.xml
C:\Users\USER\source\repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Data.Custom.pdb
C:\Users\USER\source\repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Data.Custom.xml
C:\Users\USER\source\repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Entity.pdb
C:\Users\USER\source\repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Entity.xml
C:\Users\USER\source\repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Mvc.pdb
C:\Users\USER\source\repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\USER\source\repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Mvc.ComponentModel.pdb
C:\Users\USER\source\repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Mvc.ComponentModel.xml
C:\Users\USER\source\repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Mvc.Library.pdb
C:\Users\USER\source\repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Mvc.Library.xml
C:\Users\USER\source\repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Mvc.UI.pdb
C:\Users\USER\source\repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Mvc.UI.xml
C:\Users\USER\source\repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.ReportFields.pdb
C:\Users\USER\source\repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.ReportFields.xml
C:\Users\USER\source\repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.ReportLibrary.pdb
C:\Users\USER\source\repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.ReportLibrary.xml
C:\Users\USER\source\repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.ReportTemplate.pdb
C:\Users\USER\source\repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.ReportTemplate.xml
C:\Users\USER\source\repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Selection.pdb
C:\Users\USER\source\repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Service.HISMvcProject1.pdb
C:\Users\USER\source\repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Service.HISMvcProject1.xml
C:\Users\USER\source\repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Systems.pdb
C:\Users\USER\source\repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Systems.xml
C:\Users\USER\source\repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\USER\source\repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\USER\source\repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\USER\source\repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\USER\source\repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\USER\source\repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
C:\Users\USER\source\repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\USER\source\repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\USER\source\repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\USER\source\repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\USER\source\repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\USER\source\repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\USER\source\repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\USER\source\repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Telerik.Reporting.pdb
C:\Users\USER\source\repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Telerik.Reporting.xml
C:\Users\USER\source\repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Telerik.Reporting.OpenXmlRendering.pdb
C:\Users\USER\source\repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Telerik.Reporting.OpenXmlRendering.xml
C:\Users\USER\source\repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Telerik.Reporting.Service.pdb
C:\Users\USER\source\repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Telerik.Reporting.Service.xml
C:\Users\USER\source\repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Telerik.Reporting.Services.WebApi.pdb
C:\Users\USER\source\repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Telerik.Reporting.Services.WebApi.xml
C:\Users\USER\source\repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Telerik.Reporting.XpsRendering.pdb
C:\Users\USER\source\repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Telerik.Reporting.XpsRendering.xml
C:\Users\USER\source\repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Telerik.ReportViewer.Html5.WebForms.pdb
C:\Users\USER\source\repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Telerik.ReportViewer.Html5.WebForms.xml
C:\Users\USER\source\repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Telerik.ReportViewer.Mvc.pdb
C:\Users\USER\source\repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Telerik.ReportViewer.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\USER\source\repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\obj\Debug\HISMvcProject1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\USER\source\repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\obj\Debug\HISMvcProject1.dll
C:\Users\USER\source\repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\obj\Debug\HISMvcProject1.pdb
C:\Users\steve\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HISMvcProject1.dll.config
C:\Users\steve\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HISMvcProject1.dll
C:\Users\steve\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HISMvcProject1.pdb
C:\Users\steve\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\steve\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\steve\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\steve\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Service.HISMvcProject1.dll
C:\Users\steve\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\steve\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\steve\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\steve\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Oracle.DataAccess.dll
C:\Users\steve\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Oracle.ManagedDataAccess.dll
C:\Users\steve\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Oracle.ManagedDataAccess.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\steve\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\steve\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\RazorGenerator.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\steve\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\steve\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\steve\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\steve\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
C:\Users\steve\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\steve\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\steve\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\steve\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\steve\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\steve\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\steve\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\steve\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
C:\Users\steve\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\steve\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\steve\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\AutoMapper.xml
C:\Users\steve\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\steve\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\steve\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Data.pdb
C:\Users\steve\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Data.xml
C:\Users\steve\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Data.Custom.pdb
C:\Users\steve\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Data.Custom.xml
C:\Users\steve\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Entity.pdb
C:\Users\steve\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Entity.xml
C:\Users\steve\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Mvc.pdb
C:\Users\steve\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\steve\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Mvc.ComponentModel.pdb
C:\Users\steve\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Mvc.ComponentModel.xml
C:\Users\steve\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Mvc.Library.pdb
C:\Users\steve\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Mvc.Library.xml
C:\Users\steve\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Mvc.UI.pdb
C:\Users\steve\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Mvc.UI.xml
C:\Users\steve\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.ReportFields.pdb
C:\Users\steve\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.ReportFields.xml
C:\Users\steve\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.ReportLibrary.pdb
C:\Users\steve\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.ReportLibrary.xml
C:\Users\steve\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.ReportTemplate.pdb
C:\Users\steve\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.ReportTemplate.xml
C:\Users\steve\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Selection.pdb
C:\Users\steve\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Service.HISMvcProject1.pdb
C:\Users\steve\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Service.HISMvcProject1.xml
C:\Users\steve\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Systems.pdb
C:\Users\steve\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Systems.xml
C:\Users\steve\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\steve\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\steve\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\steve\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\steve\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\steve\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
C:\Users\steve\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\steve\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\steve\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\steve\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\steve\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\steve\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\steve\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\steve\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Telerik.Reporting.pdb
C:\Users\steve\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Telerik.Reporting.xml
C:\Users\steve\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Telerik.Reporting.OpenXmlRendering.pdb
C:\Users\steve\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Telerik.Reporting.OpenXmlRendering.xml
C:\Users\steve\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Telerik.Reporting.Service.pdb
C:\Users\steve\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Telerik.Reporting.Service.xml
C:\Users\steve\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Telerik.Reporting.Services.WebApi.pdb
C:\Users\steve\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Telerik.Reporting.Services.WebApi.xml
C:\Users\steve\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Telerik.Reporting.XpsRendering.pdb
C:\Users\steve\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Telerik.Reporting.XpsRendering.xml
C:\Users\steve\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Telerik.ReportViewer.Html5.WebForms.pdb
C:\Users\steve\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Telerik.ReportViewer.Html5.WebForms.xml
C:\Users\steve\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Telerik.ReportViewer.Mvc.pdb
C:\Users\steve\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Telerik.ReportViewer.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\steve\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\obj\Debug\HISMvcProject1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\steve\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\obj\Debug\HISMvcProject1.dll
C:\Users\steve\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\obj\Debug\HISMvcProject1.pdb
C:\Users\angel\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HISMvcProject1.dll.config
C:\Users\angel\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HISMvcProject1.dll
C:\Users\angel\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HISMvcProject1.pdb
C:\Users\angel\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\angel\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\angel\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\angel\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Service.HISMvcProject1.dll
C:\Users\angel\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\angel\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\angel\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\angel\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Oracle.ManagedDataAccess.dll
C:\Users\angel\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Oracle.ManagedDataAccess.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\angel\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\angel\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\RazorGenerator.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\angel\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\angel\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\angel\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\angel\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
C:\Users\angel\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\angel\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\angel\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\angel\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\angel\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\angel\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\angel\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\angel\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
C:\Users\angel\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\angel\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\angel\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\AutoMapper.xml
C:\Users\angel\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\angel\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\angel\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Data.pdb
C:\Users\angel\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Data.xml
C:\Users\angel\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Data.Custom.pdb
C:\Users\angel\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Data.Custom.xml
C:\Users\angel\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Entity.pdb
C:\Users\angel\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Entity.xml
C:\Users\angel\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Mvc.pdb
C:\Users\angel\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\angel\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Mvc.ComponentModel.pdb
C:\Users\angel\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Mvc.ComponentModel.xml
C:\Users\angel\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Mvc.Library.pdb
C:\Users\angel\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Mvc.Library.xml
C:\Users\angel\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Mvc.UI.pdb
C:\Users\angel\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Mvc.UI.xml
C:\Users\angel\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.ReportFields.pdb
C:\Users\angel\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.ReportFields.xml
C:\Users\angel\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.ReportLibrary.pdb
C:\Users\angel\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.ReportLibrary.xml
C:\Users\angel\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.ReportTemplate.pdb
C:\Users\angel\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.ReportTemplate.xml
C:\Users\angel\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Selection.pdb
C:\Users\angel\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Service.HISMvcProject1.pdb
C:\Users\angel\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Service.HISMvcProject1.xml
C:\Users\angel\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Systems.pdb
C:\Users\angel\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Systems.xml
C:\Users\angel\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\angel\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\angel\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\angel\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\angel\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\angel\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
C:\Users\angel\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\angel\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\angel\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\angel\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\angel\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\angel\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\angel\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\angel\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Telerik.Reporting.pdb
C:\Users\angel\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Telerik.Reporting.xml
C:\Users\angel\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Telerik.Reporting.OpenXmlRendering.pdb
C:\Users\angel\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Telerik.Reporting.OpenXmlRendering.xml
C:\Users\angel\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Telerik.Reporting.Service.pdb
C:\Users\angel\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Telerik.Reporting.Service.xml
C:\Users\angel\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Telerik.Reporting.Services.WebApi.pdb
C:\Users\angel\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Telerik.Reporting.Services.WebApi.xml
C:\Users\angel\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Telerik.Reporting.XpsRendering.pdb
C:\Users\angel\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Telerik.Reporting.XpsRendering.xml
C:\Users\angel\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Telerik.ReportViewer.Html5.WebForms.pdb
C:\Users\angel\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Telerik.ReportViewer.Html5.WebForms.xml
C:\Users\angel\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Telerik.ReportViewer.Mvc.pdb
C:\Users\angel\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Telerik.ReportViewer.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\angel\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\obj\Debug\HISMvcProject1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\angel\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\obj\Debug\HISMvcProject1.dll
C:\Users\angel\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\obj\Debug\HISMvcProject1.pdb
C:\Users\Ken's\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HISMvcProject1.dll.config
C:\Users\Ken's\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HISMvcProject1.dll
C:\Users\Ken's\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HISMvcProject1.pdb
C:\Users\Ken's\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Ken's\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Ken's\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Ken's\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Service.HISMvcProject1.dll
C:\Users\Ken's\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Ken's\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Ken's\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Ken's\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Oracle.DataAccess.dll
C:\Users\Ken's\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Oracle.ManagedDataAccess.dll
C:\Users\Ken's\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Oracle.ManagedDataAccess.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Ken's\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\Ken's\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\RazorGenerator.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Ken's\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Ken's\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Ken's\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Ken's\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Ken's\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Ken's\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Ken's\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Ken's\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Ken's\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Ken's\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Ken's\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Ken's\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Telerik.Reporting.dll
C:\Users\Ken's\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Telerik.Reporting.OpenXmlRendering.dll
C:\Users\Ken's\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Telerik.Reporting.Service.dll
C:\Users\Ken's\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Telerik.Reporting.Services.HttpClient.dll
C:\Users\Ken's\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Telerik.Reporting.Services.WebApi.dll
C:\Users\Ken's\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Telerik.Reporting.XpsRendering.dll
C:\Users\Ken's\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Telerik.ReportViewer.Html5.WebForms.dll
C:\Users\Ken's\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Telerik.ReportViewer.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Ken's\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
C:\Users\Ken's\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Ken's\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\Ken's\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\AutoMapper.xml
C:\Users\Ken's\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Ken's\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Ken's\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Data.pdb
C:\Users\Ken's\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Data.xml
C:\Users\Ken's\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Data.Custom.pdb
C:\Users\Ken's\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Data.Custom.xml
C:\Users\Ken's\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Entity.pdb
C:\Users\Ken's\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Entity.xml
C:\Users\Ken's\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Mvc.pdb
C:\Users\Ken's\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Ken's\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Mvc.ComponentModel.pdb
C:\Users\Ken's\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Mvc.ComponentModel.xml
C:\Users\Ken's\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Mvc.Library.pdb
C:\Users\Ken's\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Mvc.Library.xml
C:\Users\Ken's\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Mvc.UI.pdb
C:\Users\Ken's\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Mvc.UI.xml
C:\Users\Ken's\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.ReportFields.pdb
C:\Users\Ken's\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.ReportFields.xml
C:\Users\Ken's\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.ReportLibrary.pdb
C:\Users\Ken's\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.ReportLibrary.xml
C:\Users\Ken's\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.ReportTemplate.pdb
C:\Users\Ken's\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.ReportTemplate.xml
C:\Users\Ken's\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Selection.pdb
C:\Users\Ken's\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Service.HISMvcProject1.pdb
C:\Users\Ken's\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Service.HISMvcProject1.xml
C:\Users\Ken's\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Systems.pdb
C:\Users\Ken's\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Systems.xml
C:\Users\Ken's\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Ken's\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Ken's\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Ken's\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Ken's\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Ken's\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Ken's\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Ken's\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Ken's\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\Ken's\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Ken's\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Ken's\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Ken's\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Ken's\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Telerik.Reporting.pdb
C:\Users\Ken's\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Telerik.Reporting.xml
C:\Users\Ken's\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Telerik.Reporting.OpenXmlRendering.pdb
C:\Users\Ken's\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Telerik.Reporting.OpenXmlRendering.xml
C:\Users\Ken's\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Telerik.Reporting.Service.pdb
C:\Users\Ken's\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Telerik.Reporting.Service.xml
C:\Users\Ken's\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Telerik.Reporting.Services.WebApi.pdb
C:\Users\Ken's\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Telerik.Reporting.Services.WebApi.xml
C:\Users\Ken's\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Telerik.Reporting.XpsRendering.pdb
C:\Users\Ken's\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Telerik.Reporting.XpsRendering.xml
C:\Users\Ken's\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Telerik.ReportViewer.Html5.WebForms.pdb
C:\Users\Ken's\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Telerik.ReportViewer.Html5.WebForms.xml
C:\Users\Ken's\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Telerik.ReportViewer.Mvc.pdb
C:\Users\Ken's\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Telerik.ReportViewer.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Ken's\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\obj\Debug\HISMvcProject1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Ken's\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\obj\Debug\HISMvcProject1.dll
C:\Users\Ken's\Source\Repos\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\obj\Debug\HISMvcProject1.pdb
C:\Users\USER\Desktop\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HISMvcProject1.dll.config
C:\Users\USER\Desktop\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HISMvcProject1.dll
C:\Users\USER\Desktop\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HISMvcProject1.pdb
C:\Users\USER\Desktop\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\USER\Desktop\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\USER\Desktop\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\USER\Desktop\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Service.HISMvcProject1.dll
C:\Users\USER\Desktop\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\USER\Desktop\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\USER\Desktop\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\USER\Desktop\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Oracle.DataAccess.dll
C:\Users\USER\Desktop\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Oracle.ManagedDataAccess.dll
C:\Users\USER\Desktop\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Oracle.ManagedDataAccess.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\USER\Desktop\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\USER\Desktop\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\RazorGenerator.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\USER\Desktop\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\USER\Desktop\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\USER\Desktop\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\USER\Desktop\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
C:\Users\USER\Desktop\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\USER\Desktop\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\USER\Desktop\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\USER\Desktop\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\USER\Desktop\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\USER\Desktop\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\USER\Desktop\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\USER\Desktop\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
C:\Users\USER\Desktop\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\USER\Desktop\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\USER\Desktop\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\AutoMapper.xml
C:\Users\USER\Desktop\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\USER\Desktop\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\USER\Desktop\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Data.pdb
C:\Users\USER\Desktop\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Data.xml
C:\Users\USER\Desktop\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Data.Custom.pdb
C:\Users\USER\Desktop\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Data.Custom.xml
C:\Users\USER\Desktop\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Entity.pdb
C:\Users\USER\Desktop\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Entity.xml
C:\Users\USER\Desktop\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Mvc.pdb
C:\Users\USER\Desktop\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\USER\Desktop\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Mvc.ComponentModel.pdb
C:\Users\USER\Desktop\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Mvc.ComponentModel.xml
C:\Users\USER\Desktop\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Mvc.Library.pdb
C:\Users\USER\Desktop\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Mvc.Library.xml
C:\Users\USER\Desktop\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Mvc.UI.pdb
C:\Users\USER\Desktop\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Mvc.UI.xml
C:\Users\USER\Desktop\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.ReportFields.pdb
C:\Users\USER\Desktop\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.ReportFields.xml
C:\Users\USER\Desktop\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.ReportLibrary.pdb
C:\Users\USER\Desktop\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.ReportLibrary.xml
C:\Users\USER\Desktop\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.ReportTemplate.pdb
C:\Users\USER\Desktop\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.ReportTemplate.xml
C:\Users\USER\Desktop\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Selection.pdb
C:\Users\USER\Desktop\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Service.HISMvcProject1.pdb
C:\Users\USER\Desktop\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Service.HISMvcProject1.xml
C:\Users\USER\Desktop\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Systems.pdb
C:\Users\USER\Desktop\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\HIS.Systems.xml
C:\Users\USER\Desktop\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\USER\Desktop\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\USER\Desktop\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\USER\Desktop\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\USER\Desktop\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\USER\Desktop\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
C:\Users\USER\Desktop\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\USER\Desktop\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\USER\Desktop\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\USER\Desktop\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\USER\Desktop\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\USER\Desktop\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\USER\Desktop\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\USER\Desktop\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Telerik.Reporting.pdb
C:\Users\USER\Desktop\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Telerik.Reporting.xml
C:\Users\USER\Desktop\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Telerik.Reporting.OpenXmlRendering.pdb
C:\Users\USER\Desktop\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Telerik.Reporting.OpenXmlRendering.xml
C:\Users\USER\Desktop\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Telerik.Reporting.Service.pdb
C:\Users\USER\Desktop\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Telerik.Reporting.Service.xml
C:\Users\USER\Desktop\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Telerik.Reporting.Services.WebApi.pdb
C:\Users\USER\Desktop\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Telerik.Reporting.Services.WebApi.xml
C:\Users\USER\Desktop\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Telerik.Reporting.XpsRendering.pdb
C:\Users\USER\Desktop\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Telerik.Reporting.XpsRendering.xml
C:\Users\USER\Desktop\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Telerik.ReportViewer.Html5.WebForms.pdb
C:\Users\USER\Desktop\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Telerik.ReportViewer.Html5.WebForms.xml
C:\Users\USER\Desktop\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Telerik.ReportViewer.Mvc.pdb
C:\Users\USER\Desktop\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\bin\Telerik.ReportViewer.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\USER\Desktop\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\obj\Debug\HISMvcProject1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\USER\Desktop\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\obj\Debug\HISMvcProject1.dll
C:\Users\USER\Desktop\ICUsystem\HISMvcProject1\HISMvcProject1\obj\Debug\HISMvcProject1.pdb
